= Dropsite

Dropsite creates a site of interlinked file index pages in the Public directory
of your Dropbox. Dropsite is designed to be minimally invasive to your Public
directory by only creating one top-level HTML page and one folder, leaving your
directories unjunked.

BE WARNED: while this seems to work fine, it is presently considered
experimental.

== Installation

  gem install dropsite

== Usage

To create the site:
  dropsite

This deletes "index.html" and the directory "dropsite" in your Dropbox Public
directory if they exist, creates "index.html" as the top-level index, and puts
the rest of the index pages and assets in the "dropsite" directory.

To specify a different Dropbox directory:
  dropsite --dropbox-home ~/Somewhere/Else

You can also use this if you want to test site generation elsewhere first.


For more help:

  dropsite --help

== Development

=== Source Repository

http://github.com/aaronroyer/dropsite

Git clone URL is

* git://github.com/aaronroyer/dropsite.git

=== Issues and Bug Reports

You can open issues at Github

* http://github.com/aaronroyer/dropsite/issues

Or you can send me an email: aaronroyer@gmail.com

== Attribution

Dropsite uses icons from:

famfamfam.com Silk Icons

Yusuke Kamiyamane's Fugue icons (p.yusukekamiyamane.com)

Echo Project (fedorahosted.org/echo-icon-theme/)

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Aaron Royer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


== Other stuff

Author::   Aaron Royer <aaronroyer@gmail.com>
Requires:: Ruby 1.8.6 or later
